doc: add an easy way to test the current development version (#102)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: README.md

The best way to get started is with the ["Quickstart"](docs/src/quickstart.md)
section in the documentation.

### From source code

The `Makefile` provides a way to test the development version of the operator
in the `main` branch, just running the following command:

```shell
make deploy-locally
```

This will create a [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster in your laptop.
It requires to have [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) and all the dependencies
installed and also the Go installed to compile the code.

> The created cluster can be destroyed like ts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created cluster can be destroyed as follows:
```
